SHADEN - The Sophisticated Handling of Artifacts Digitally Enhanced by Nrrd's
Shaden Smith - Summer 2010

Installation:
	The installation of ITK and OpenCV are required. SHADEN will not build
	without these. After installation cd to SHADEN's directory and:
		cmake .
		make
	to build.

SHADEN uses the default build of the ITK toolkit for image manipulation. See 
included example programs for more information. ITK has a free, downloadable 
PDF that offers *great*	documentation. I would highly recommend reading the 
first portion of that for an introduction to ITK.

Suggestion:
Ryan's code makes use of the OpenCV library for grabbing rays out of an image. 
I never got around to learning much about OpenCV (and therefore haven't 
included any documentation on it) but would	highly recommend you include OpenCV
in SHADEN for free ray sampling and easier porting. The majority of Ryan's code
that used OpenCV has been ported exactly and the makefile (set up via cmake) 
has been configured to include OpenCV during compile time. Read the CmakeLists
file for details.

TODO:
- Finish porting Ryan's code, found in ScrollUnwrapMultiPlugin.cc. I've 
  included the source file to work from. 
- Determine effectiveness of Ryan's algorithm and adjust/rewrite as needed.
- When you realize that it won't work for this data set, come up with something 
  new. A few discussed ideas are:
	=	Use the curve of intensity level and calculate the second derivative. These
		peaks/troughs could possibly represent the edges of pages that are pressed 
		together. Use ITK to calculuate the second derivative, it has a class built-
		in for just this purpose. See the included PDF (or more recent version) for 
		more details on how to use it.
	=	The previous idea would (possibly) work for pressed pages, but it will not
		work for pages that are curled over themselves (think hyperbola). An idea 
		that could also be considered is starting at the outermost layer, calculate
		the normal vector and use that to guide the unwrapping in a clockwise motion
		around the scroll.
	= 	Talk to Matt or Ryan for more information on these.
- Unwrap the scrolls and find the key.
